Core asset and collection guide (#1)
L0STE/developer-content: content/courses/tokens-and-nfts/nfts-with-metaplex.md

[developer docs for Token Metadata](https://developers.metaplex.com/token-metadata).

<Callout type="note">

> [Metaplex Core](https://developers.metaplex.com/core), is an NFT standard from 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Metaplex Core](https://developers.metaplex.com/core), is a Digital Asset NFT standard from 
```
